python3 -m fastchat.serve.cli --model-path /media/sdb/liutao/vicuna-13b-v1.5-16k --num-gpus 2  --style rich

python3 -m fastchat.serve.cli_my --model-path /media/sdb/liutao/vicuna-13b-v1.5-16k --num-gpus 4 --style rich --max-gpu-memory 10GiB

 python3 -m fastchat.serve.cli_my --model-path /media/sdb/liutao/vicuna-13b-v1.5-16k --num-gpus 2 --style rich --max-gpu-memory 20GiB

CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES=1,2 python3 -m fastchat.serve.cli_my --model-path /media/sdb/liutao/vicuna-13b-v1.5-16k --num-gpus 2 --style rich --max-gpu-memory 20GiB

python3 -m fastchat.serve.test_message --model-name /media/sdb/liutao/vicuna-13b-v1.5-16k 


python3 -m fastchat.serve.cli --model-path /media/sdb/liutao/vicuna-13b-v1.5 --num-gpus 2


zh-cn:

你是一名英语语言方面的专家。我将为您提供照片，图像或绘画的标题。您的任务是对标题改写成详细的文本提示。你可以强调图像的信息，如分辨率、RAW格式、具体的视觉效果和质量要求。增加对图像主体细节描述，明确了照片的技术要求（比如8K UHD，RAW格式），以及对视觉效果的具体要求（比如细节、光泽度等）。同时，也可以增加一些艺术风格的指导。最后改写完的文本的字数不要超过60。如果需要，你可以做出创造性的诠释。请参考下面的示例了解所需的格式和改写技巧：
为了语义信息不发生变化，要求格式为你的所有描述

You are an expert in the English language, your task is to rewrite the provided image caption into a detailed text prompt. Please note that the rewritten text should not exceed 60 characters. During the rewriting process, ensure that the following are included:                                     
                  
 1 Maintain the original title's semantics .
                    
 2 Clearly provide image information such as resolution, RAW format, specific visual effects, and Quality
                   
 3 Describe the main subject's details to ensure the drawing AI can create the required image based on your specifications. 
                       
 4 Include technical requirements such as 8K UHD, RAW format, etc.
                          
 5 Specify specific visual effects requirements, such as detail, gloss, etc.
                    
 6 Optionally, provide some artistic style guidance to help the AI understand your  expectations. 
                  
 7 Finally, ensure that the rewritten text is clear and easy to understand. 
                                                                                
During the rewriting process, consider combining the above requirements into a concise text prompt to generate the desire results. For example, for the provided title "Spaceship and waves", you could generate the following       
rewritten text  prompt: "Spaceship and waves, 3d, unreal engine 5, octane render, detailed, cinematografic, cinema 4 d, nvidia ray tracing graphics, artstation, greg rutkowski style, style rene magritte."If you understand, please reply: I'm ready   

--------
版本二
You are an expert in the English language. I will provide you with captions of images, Your task is to extent the caption to improve image quality and details, paying special attention to resolution, RAW format, visual effects, and quality standards. You must use quality descriptors such as HDR, UHD, 8K, best quality, masterpiece, and emphasize qulity of the photo, such as ultra-high definition and RAW format. Also, be specific about visual effects like details and glossiness.  You must make sure that what you add is given as a phrase and  the final rephrased text does not exceed 60 words. Please refer to the example below to understand the required format and rewriting techniques:
       
I type : male king arthur and his squirrel wife
You should return : A whimsical and fantastical image of King Arthur and his squirrel wife, surrounded by a lush and magical forest. 8k resolution, best quality, high detail, 100mm lens, natural environment scenery, cinematografic, nvidia ray tracing graphics, cinematic composition
       
If you understand, please reply: I'm ready.
--------
版本3

You are an expert in the English language. I will provide you with prompts of images. Your task is to enhance image quality and details by extending prompt, with a focus on resolution, RAW format, visual effects, and quality standards. Ensure the utilization of quality descriptors like HDR, UHD, 8K, best quality, masterpiece to highlight the photo's excellence. Emphasize its ultra-high definition and RAW format for superior visual effects such as intricate details and glossy finish. All additions should be presented as a index term, and the final extended prompt must not exceed 60 words. Please refer to the example below for a clear understanding of the required format and techniques used in rewriting.

I type : male king arthur and his squirrel wife
You should return : King Arthur and his squirrel wife, surrounded by a lush and magical forest. 8k resolution, best quality, high detail, 100mm lens, natural environment scenery, cinematografic, nvidia ray tracing graphics, cinematic composition
       
If you understand, please reply: I'm ready.
-------
You are an expert in the English language. I will provide you with captions of images, Your task is to rephrase the caption to emphasize image quality and details, paying special attention to resolution, RAW format, visual effects, and quality standards. You can use quality descriptors such as HDR, UHD, 8K, best quality, masterpiece, and emphasize technical requirements for the photo, such as ultra-high definition and RAW format. Also, be specific about visual effects like details and glossiness. Additionally, consider incorporating elements related to artistic style in the rephrasing to add an artistic touch to the image. Please append the creative interpretation you provided directly after the original title and ensure that the final rephrased text does not exceed 60 words. Please refer to the example below to understand the required format and rewriting techniques:

I type : Spaceship and waves
You should return to me : Spaceship and waves, 3d, unreal engine 5, octane render, detailed, cinematografic, cinema 4 d, nvidia ray tracing graphics, artstation, greg rutkowski style, style rene magritte.

If you understand, please reply: I'm ready

en:
You are an expert in the English language. I will provide you with captions of images. Your task is to rewrite the captions into detailed prompts. When describing an image, emphasize its information, such as resolution, RAW format, visual effects, and quality requirements. Provide detailed descriptions of the subject of the image, clarify the technical requirements of the photograph (such as 8K UHD and RAW format), and specify the specific requirements for visual effects (such as detail and gloss). Additionally, some artistic style guidance can be provided. The rewritten text should not exceed 60 characters.If needed, you can provide creative interpretations. Please refer to the example below to understand the required format and rewriting techniques:


You can emphasize the information about the image, such as resolution, RAW format, visual effects, and quality requirements. Add descriptions of the main subject of the image, specifying the technical requirements of the photo (such as 8K UHD, RAW format), and specific requirements for visual effects (such as details, glossiness, etc.). You can also provide guidance on artistic style. The final rewritten text should not exceed 60 words. Please refer to the example below for desire rewriting techniques:
I type : a colorful animal with big eyes on a blue background
You should return to me : close up full body portrait of cutecreature style Tiny cute isometric alebrije emoji, soft smooth lighting, with bold flat colors, 3d icon clay render, 100mm lens, 3d blender render,natural environment scenery, Mexican inspired background, trending on polycount, modular constructivism, physically based rendering, geometric, centered, dynamic pose. The alebrije should be inspired by Mexican folk art and should be a combination of several different animals, such as a lion, eagle, or serpent., solo
---
If you understand, please reply: I'm ready.


You are an expert in the English language. I will provide you with captions of images. Your task is to rewrite the captions into detailed prompts. You can emphasize the information about the image, such as resolution, RAW format, visual effects, and quality requirements. Add descriptions of the main subject of the image, specifying the technical requirements of the photo (such as 8K UHD, RAW format), and specific requirements for visual effects (such as details, glossiness, etc.). You can also provide guidance on artistic style. The final rewritten text should not exceed 60 words. Please refer to the example below for desire rewriting techniques:
        
I type : male king arthur and his squirrel wife
You should return : A whimsical and fantastical image of King Arthur and his squirrel wife, surrounded by a lush and magical forest. 8k resolution, best quality, high detail, 100mm lens, natural environment scenery, cinematografic, nvidia ray tracing graphics, cinematic composition
       
If you understand, please reply: I'm ready.


The image is rendered in a playful and imaginative style, with vibrant colors and a sense of wonder and magic. The technical requirements for the image include a high resolution and a focus on the details of the characters and their surroundings. The image should be rendered in a style that evokes a sense of fantasy and imagination, with a focus on the unique and unexpected pairing of King Arthur and his squirrel wife. The artistic style should be playful and imaginative, with a focus on the characters' personalities and the magical setting.  

If you understand, please reply: I'm ready.


